Way to go! You made it through
a new section, and
you've learned a lot.
As a refresher, we first covered
the incident response
lifecycle as
a framework to support
incident response processes.
You were also given your very
own incident handler's journal
for your incident
investigations,
which you'll continue to
use throughout this course.
You explored how incident
response teams operate
together to respond to
incidents using incident plans.
You also learned about the
documentation, detection,
and management tools used
during incident response.
Congrats on making it through
the first part of your
incident response journey.
Coming up, we'll explore
network monitoring.
You'll also have
the opportunity to
apply your learning
through the activities.
I'll meet you in
the next section.